Utah school denies entry to a single
person at a dance and there's a lot of
entry that gets tonight in Utah anyhow
so that's a pretty easy explanation for
it is so in this bountiful utah which
sounds like a place of plenty and like
I've been there yeah it's gorgeous on a
hill looking over Salt Lake City and so
josy was one of these people judge Jose
I don't know how to pronounce it but uh
she waited she got all dolled up went in
a group and she was the third wheel and
it was the sweetheart dance and
bountiful utah just said sorry you gotta
go she said we got our hair done put on
nice gowns and and Josie even brought
new shoes according to a friend we
wanted to look our best and be dressed
and ready as though we would have we
would have had a date and so they got
all red dress up and they got sent away
they were willing to pay the $30 that it
costs to go into the dance
they said this is couples only and we
suck in five words or less hey Utah what
about polyamory can I bring my cab
single Pringle can't mingle oh right
Utah yeah that the whole state but these
people yeah um what what are your
thoughts on what the fuck does that
we've years Oh
so crazy why I think I feel like the
person who ran this dance was the person
who never had a relationship in high
school but the second high school ended
they suddenly were in a relationship and
they held on so hard they're like
marriage marriage marriage marriage and
then they got married and then they're
running the stance and they're like no
single people can come in cuz couples
look at us we're so happy it's a home
you mean I
happy definitely hashtag a lot a bit
those of you the same people hashtag
about a couple times tell me this didn't
happen on Valentine's Day weekend did it
that would have been even worse you're
not saying you know partner let's just
rub your face right yes it happened then
I mean this is that that time of year I
don't have specific details on the date
but it this was February and around that
here's my point there's enough stress
that goes into a high school look I'm
losing my behaviors oh I'm having acid
flashback there's enough stress that
goes along with being in high school and
in and going to a dance and you just
want to go with your friends and have a
good time
yep I mean this just seems like overkill
let them in it's heartbreaking like I
think of being a teenager and going to a
dance like that and getting rejected
like that's because you're not in a
couple I'm sure their methodology your
idea behind it is oh we want to
encourage the kids to go as pairs or
else they won't or something but it's
ridiculous and it's horrible maybe if we
let singles go they'll find a pair you
know or maybe being a single is
wonderful - exactly that's why I hate
this because you don't need somebody to
have fun mm-hmm you can be by yourself
and have a great time I love to dance
especially when I'm alone that way
nobody can see me embarrass myself
what is your dance look like that you do
alone please just a lot of this this is
a lot of hands like this and this and
that
swimming what's yours mine I don't do it
I don't do that oh no I do a lot of
talking alone and then probably like
this everybody show us your dance that
you would do alone to show that it's
okay open the maybe yeah I like that
could do this little shoulder I guess
the face go and see like I'm really
pleased there were three girls going
together and they said you two can be a
couple but she's alone so she can't come
in so it's like that's it makes zero
sense shameless just about no bows
alright that makes sense yeah oh my god
if I if I heard about that
I would bring one of my friends who'd go
as a couple and we would spike the shit
out of that punch probably with
something really really bad like not
even alcohol like urine what would you
guys put in a punch bowl at a high
school of dance give us your thoughts in
the comment section below but we
honestly what do you think about this
dance is it right is it wrong are our
reactions
give us your thoughts and we'll see you
next time on